annot: crush and chop the garlic
ACTID: 0
PRED: crush
[DOBJ, food] the garlic (-1)
annot: Add oil, garlic, and salt to a bowl
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] oil (-1), garlic (0), salt (-1)
[PP, location, to] a bowl (-1)
annot: mix the tomoatos with the oil mixture
ACTID: 2
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] the tomoatos (-1)
[PP, food, with] the oil mixture (1)
annot: Chop the basal
ACTID: 3
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] the basal (-1)
annot: Spread the oil mixture onto the dough
ACTID: 4
PRED: spread
[DOBJ, food] the oil mixture (2)
[PP, food, onto] the dough (-1)
annot: place provolone cheese and mozzerella cheese onto the dough
ACTID: 5
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] provolone cheese (-1), mozzerella cheese (-1)
[PP, food, onto] the dough (4)
annot: Add the basal to the pizza
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the basal (3)
[PP, food, to] the pizza (5)
annot: place the tomatos on the pizza
ACTID: 7
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the tomatos (2)
[PP, food, on] the pizza (6)
annot: sprinkle cheese onto the pizza
ACTID: 8
PRED: sprinkle
[DOBJ, food] cheese (-1)
[PP, food, onto] the pizza (7)
annot: Bake the pizza in an oven
ACTID: 9
PRED: bake
[DOBJ, food] the pizza (8)
[PP, location, in] an oven (-1)